GIT is about managing souce code and versioning

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

Comparing files using fc (Windows) or diff can help find errors by highlighting the changes 
- less fog to wade through

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

Gives easy and efficient access to changes which will help debug and typo finding

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

Manual
Pro: The code makes sense, i.e. it is a functional version.
Pro: Purpose of version can be recorded
Con: Rely s on coder saving their version.
Con Potential loss of code due to no save

Automatic
Pro: regular saves
Con: save might be an unchanged document if timed or a long time if happening based 
on number or size of change
Con: buggy untested versions saved
Con: meaningless versions
Con: potentially too much change before a save

Keep change focused on one thing at a time - so version change can be described easily

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Interrelated files need to be tracked together. i.e. A package containing lots of java files 
needs to be all linked together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log shows the versions in the repository
git diff can be used to compare versions

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

The change where the error starts can be identified by checking out earlier versions with git checkout 
and the changes identified using git diff. The likely issue can then be found and corrected.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Help me manage my code projects, debug them, locate errors, version control code